[percussive music playing]
[Orlick] Here's all you need to know.
We have 30 hours
before the Russian president
is assassinated at the G8.
There are checkpoints all over.
so no weapons.
You'll be fully exposed.
[Joana] Once we kill President Aronov
and you've transferred control
of your satellites to us.
the contingencies will be lifted.
It's ready. She's done it.
[Orlick] With the tech that Joana has.
she can turn
anybody there into a killer.
Whoever has the chip implanted in them.
Manticore will be able to control them
at the push of a button.
[dramatic music playing]
[pained gasp]
[grunting]
- I love you.
♪ ♪
[somber music playing]
- She's got a pulse.
- Get her inside.
♪ ♪
Sorry. Bernard.
[grunts] Come on!
Move. Go!
Come on. find the shot.
- [Celine] Here.
- [Hutch] Get the shot!
[tense music playing]
[groans]
[grunting]
- [Abby yells]
- [Nadia grunts]
[whooshing]
[gasps]
- [coughs] Mason.
- [Hutch] Hey. it's all right.
- It's all right. Take it easy.
- Mason.
- Take it easy.
- [Nadia coughs]
- What happened?
It was Abby.
- Right?
- [Sharpe] What are you talking about?
Why would Abby kill Mason?
Because she's the fucking assassin.
They used the backstop chip
that was already in her head.
[grunting]
[electronic trilling]
[panting]
Well. fuck me.
[suspenseful music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
For you.
[door closes]
[lock beeping]
♪ ♪
[knocking]
I'll get it.
Yes? [yelps]
[blade slashes]
Catherine Wolcott.
♪ ♪
[tense music playing]
- [electronic trilling]
- [door unlocks]
Sit.
Kane's wife killed both Kane and Sinh.
Had you done it right the first time.
Paulo would still be here.
sitting next to me.
celebrating this moment.
My hand was right here. Remember?
Your throat was smaller at that time.
but I could nearly fit my hand
entirely around it.
This hand kept you intact.
kept your blood inside you.
Abby must assassinate
the Russian president.
The rest of them will be
at the G8 to stop her.
You will kill them at all costs.
We will succeed with Paulo's mission.
or I will take the life that I gave you
and I will bleed you out with my hands
around your fucking throat.
You understand?
[dramatic music playing]
[indistinct chatter]
[gentle music playing]
[grunts softly]
[music intensifies]
[gasps]
[gentle music continues]
[panting]
[groaning]
[creaking]
♪ ♪
The G8's in two hours.
You need to get going.
- Okay.
- [Hutch] Where are you going?
[Orlick] I'm going to find Joana.
She'll be somewhere nearby
with the transmitter.
I'm gonna try to power that down
and turn Abby off.
You three need to get into that castle
and stop her from killing
President Aronov.
The three of us?
I see two of us
and fucking Mister Rogers over here.
- [snickers]
- He draws too much attention.
"Rogers."
If you think I'll slow you down.
I'll just stay here.
He didn't mean it that way.
I did. I do.
I couldn't give a fuck how he means it.
You're down two agents.
You got to get going.
[Nadia] Just one.
[tense music playing]
[stirring music playing]
[Sharpe] You still haven't told me
the name of the hotel.
The Glenbrook Hotel.
I owe you one.
Joana checked in last night.
So. uh. I'll be seeing you
on the other side.
Okay.
What's wrong?
I did this to him.
I killed Mason.
I killed his father.
I brought him into the agency. I...
The weight of all this
does not rest on your shoulders.
I'm going to kill Joana.
I'm gonna fucking kill them all.
[somber music playing]
And if I don't get out.
I want you to finish it.
As we discussed.
Yeah.
And I want you to take care of my family.
You have my word.
Thanks.
All the best.
[suspenseful music playing]
[reporter in German] World leaders
are set to arrive this morning
at Hallgarten Castle.
ahead of the 40th G8 Summit.
[reporter 2 in Japanese] The meeting
brings together leaders of the world's
- eight superpowers.
- [reporter 3 in French] The main topics
this year will no doubt be the wars
in Venezuela and Australia.
[in Italian] The heads of state will
welcome Russian President Aronov
back to the summit after ten years.
[indistinct chatter]
♪ ♪
[electronic trilling]
[in English] Okay.
♪ ♪
[horn honking]
No entry here. mate.
No entry?
This is my land.
My father bought this
from you people years ago.
So if you don't remove this metal fence.
I'll call the council.
This is publicly owned land.
So is your mother.
but you don't see me
erecting a fence around her.
[chuckles] Now. go and fetch me
an Irn-Bru.
What did you say?
Um...
- [electrical crackling]
- [groaning]
[energetic music playing]
[quiet chatter]
Move forward.
[officer] Clear!
Hey. How's it going?
- I.D.'s.
- Yeah.
Um...
Were right here.
[Hutch] Oh.
One. two. three.
There you go.
[electronic trilling]
Got nothing. Gordon.
Right.
Everyone get out of the car.
Look. Langley's not gonna be happy
to hear about this.
So. if you like having a job.
I would go back and check one more time.
Friendly advice.
[electronic trilling]
[officer] Gordon. They're there.
Sorry about that.
Well. now you're off
the Christmas list. so...
Is it done?
[Charlotte over phone] We're all set.
Escrow is active.
Malcolm will confirm delivery to the
prime minister's account when it's done.
Good. Head to the airfield.
Prepare for wheels up at 1300 hours.
Of course. ma'am.
This G8 marks the return of Russia
to the conference
after a peace deal brokered last May.
[lively chatter]
♪ ♪
[indistinct chatter]
[typing]
Check. check. One. two.
♪ ♪
[indistinct radio chatter]
[officer] I.D. documents.
[host over P.A.] We're pleased to welcome
you all to the 40th G8 summit.
Please take your stations
as the G8 heads of state
are soon set to arrive.
♪ ♪
[Malcolm over phone] Hey.
- How's my girl?
- Dad.
How are we. Malcolm?
Dahlia. What are you doing?
Give me what I need.
and your daughter lives.
Understood?
[tense music playing]
What do you want?
Paulo Braga's fortune.
All of it.
E-Even...
even if I wanted to give it to you.
I can't.
Upon his death.
you're the trustee of his estate. yes?
[stammering]
You're fleecing me for the equivalent
of the GDP of a small nation.
Some would say that's a small price to pay
for the life of their daughter.
Ciao. ciao.
Member nations begin
to arrive at the summit
at a gorgeous castle
in the Scottish countryside.
[♪ pipe-band plays "Scotland the Brave"]
[tense music playing]
[quiet chatter]
There.
She must be heading for the roof.
["Scotland the Brave" continues]
[tense music continues]
[guard] Uh. you're not wearing
a gold badge.
you can't go up these stairs.
It's okay. Um...
We're Americans.
[whispers] We're CIA.
I don't give a hog's titties who you are.
Badges. or you can piss off.
Oh. yeah? [chuckles]
Yeah.
[chuckles] Well. thank you.
Thank you very much.
[in French] The solution is not always
a "kick in the balls."
[in English] Yeah. well. sometimes it is.
["Scotland the Brave" continues]
- [beeps]
- [lock clicks]
There had to be a million fucking stairs.
[grunting]
[energetic music playing]
[groans]
[yelps]
[grunting]
["Scotland the Brave" continues]
[tense music playing]
[rustling nearby]
[grunting]
[energetic music playing]
[yells in pain]
[grunting]
[strained grunting]
[gasps]
Go! Get Abby!
[grunting]
[thudding]
[Celine groaning]
- Hey. You good?
- Yeah.
[Hutch] Wow.
[panting] All right.
Oh. got to be fucking kidding me.
- [tense music playing]
- [helicopter blades whirring nearby]
[groaning]
[snapping]
[body thuds]
[news anchor] It can't be overstated
how important these summits are.
Hundreds of diplomats and press
are gathered outside.
witnessing the historic return of Russia.
[helicopter passing nearby]
[news anchor] Far from pageantry.
many of the most robust
economic and political deals are
historically struck at these conferences.
[indistinct radio chatter]
[electronic trilling]
[suspenseful music playing]
[chiming]
[elevator bell chimes]
Hey.
- [energetic music playing]
- [grunting]
[newscast continues indistinctly]
♪ ♪
[grunting]
[screams]
[groans]
[panting]
[newscast continues quietly]
[elevator bell chimes]
[groans softly]
- [tense music playing]
- [groaning]
- [energetic music playing]
- [grunting]
[pained yelling]
[snapping]
[shouts]
[grunts softly]
[atmospheric music playing]
[sighs]
[helicopter passing nearby]
[tense music playing]
[news anchor] We see
the president's car arriving.
Russian flags waving...
♪ ♪
[grunts]
Okay.
♪ ♪
- [muffled] Welcome to Scotland.
- Nice to see you again. Prime Minister.
[music intensifying]
- [thud]
- [grunts]
[panting]
You gonna kill me?
This is not you.
You gonna kill your best friend?
I understand. you just want to kill
the wife of the man that you love. right?
Well. what are you gonna tell my daughter?
You gonna look
that little girl in the eyes
and tell her that you murdered her mom?
Are you willing to do that?
And what about your own daughter?
What are you gonna tell Asha?
[groans]
[suspenseful music playing]
[electronic trilling]
[grunts]
[Orlick grunts]
Well. someone has a very devoted staff.
[Nadia] Don't make me do this.
Just come with me.
[straining] Nadia.
What's going on? What's happening?
What's happening?
Did you just shoot me?
[crying] Please help me. Please.
Don't do it.
Please help.
- Please... don't do it.
- Help.
There's no stopping it now.
The tech works.
The assassination's happening.
I know.
I want it to.
[device beeps]
[people screaming]
- [high-pitched ringing]
- [muffled screaming]
[newscast continues indistinctly]
It's done.
See. you're not the only person
who wanted Aronov killed.
I've made a very compelling
financial offer
to the prime minister.
You should let me live.
Let me help you.
You killed Mason Kane.
[grunts]
And if you hurt someone I love...
- [somber music playing]
- [weak. gasping breaths]
[whimpers]
[Abby gasping]
[crying] Nadia.
[sighs softly]
[ragged breathing]
[breathing stops]
[sighs softly]
♪ ♪
- [news anchor] If you're just tuning in...
- [door closes]
...we're reporting live.
- as just under an hour ago...
- [Hutch] Bernard!
...a car bomb explosion
at the G8 summit...
What the fuck happened?
It wasn't her. We stopped her.
It wasn't Abby.
[Orlick] I know.
It was us.
- You murdered Aronov?
- What the fuck did you do?
It's all part of the plan.
A plan that. unfortunately.
I couldn't tell you about.
What he means is he couldn't tell you.
So. what. he told you? You trusted him?
He doesn't have emotional attachment
to compromise him.
That's why I trusted him.
We needed the satellites.
and I didn't trust any of you
to risk what it would take to get them.
You got Abby killed.
You got Mason killed.
You have never been willing
to sacrifice anyone.
Even when given the choice.
That's what they were to you?
Just pawns to fucking sacrifice?
- [Orlick] No. No.
- Then what?
Look. what we did today
is bigger than any of us.
This is fucking insane!
[Orlick] With Aronov dead.
the prime minister takes office.
and we keep the most dangerous
satellites ever built
out of the hands of the families.
And we've put them in the hands
of the Russians instead.
[Orlick] The prime minister is someone
who can be negotiated with.
He will sell the satellites for a price.
- [Hutch] To who?
- To us.
We will bury Manticore.
You're a fucking snake.
but on the other hand.
the sound of killing
those Manticore scumbags
does have a certain ring to it.
[Nadia] You knew it was Abby.
You knew Abby was the assassin
when she came back to us. didn't you?
[somber music playing]
[scoffs]
[birds chirping]
We don't need her.
♪ ♪
Did you get her?
Joana?
Did you make it brutal?
And you?
Thirty-two billion.
- [intriguing music playing]
- [cell phone ringing]
[phone beeps]
[grunts softly]
What in the fuck was that. Joana?
I'm stepping in for Joana.
She made a mess.
And I thought you might want someone
with a steadier hand.
She was offering you 12 billion.
I'm going to offer you
24 billion.
We have a deal or what?
[jet engine whooshing]
[somber music playing]
[Orlick sighs]
I'm very sorry.
I'm in.
Do it.
[pensive music playing]
[electronic trilling]
[rhythmic beeping]
[beeping stops]
♪ ♪
Jesus Christ. Bernard.
You bought all those satellites
just to blow 'em up?
Billions evaporating into the atmosphere.
Nobody should have that kind of power.
Nobody.
[somber music playing]
♪ ♪
- Took you longer than I thought.
- [footsteps approaching]
[Orlick] We hadn't finished
our conversation.
I finished it for us.
Why did you come?
You reconsidering my offer?
[Nadia chuckles softly]
This is the last time you'll ever see me.
[sighs]
Everything we do is to protect--
Protect who?
You have wiped out entire families
while your family sits in--
Yeah. sits in a safe house.
My daughter hasn't been outside
because she has a target on her head.
And I will probably never see her again
so that I could ensure
that everybody else's kids were safe.
You are not supposed to retire.
You're supposed to work with us.
Please.
- For your daughter.
- Not working with you is for my daughter.
And if I stay in this with you.
she just becomes another pawn.
And I will not do to her
what my mother did to me.
They're gonna track you down. you know.
They're gonna hunt you.
All the Manticore families.
CIA.
All of them.
Let them.
I was raised in the shadows.
I think I'll be fine.
Why did you come here. Nadia?
[Nadia] A parting gift.
I can't put Asha at risk.
But there are others out there who can
help you kill the Manticore families.
We're not the only ones
that survived the fall of Citadel.
[intriguing music playing]
Find them.
A man once told me that a spy
can have a hundred faces.
a hundred identities. a hundred names.
But we only have one soul.
Careful there. Bernard.
[♪ 2WEI and Bri Bryant sing
"Hit the Road Jack"]
♪ Don't you come back no more ♪
♪ Hit the road. Jack ♪
♪ And don't you come back no more.
no more. no more. no more ♪
- ♪ Hit the road. Jack ♪
- [electronic trilling]
♪ And don't you come back no more ♪
♪ Don't you come back no more ♪
I thought we should catch up.
♪ What'd you say? ♪
♪ Hit it ♪
♪ Hey ♪
♪ What'd you say? ♪
♪ Hit the road ♪
♪ Hit the road. Jack ♪
♪ Don't you come back ♪
♪ Don't you come back no ♪
♪ Don't you come back no more ♪
♪ What'd you say? ♪
♪ Hit the road. Jack ♪
♪ And don't you come back no more.
no more. no more. no more ♪
♪ Hit the road. Jack ♪
♪ And don't you come back no more ♪
♪ What'd you say? ♪
♪ Hit the road. Jack ♪
♪ And don't you come back no more.
no more. no more. no more ♪
♪ Hit the road. Jack ♪
♪ And don't you come back no more ♪
♪ Hey. hey. hey ♪
♪ Don't you come back ♪
♪ What'd you say? ♪
♪ Hit the road ♪♪